New Triage Method (#23)
agrc/cemetery: README.md

## How to use

1. When an application, dataset, or both needs to be deleted or moved to a different long-term storage, [create a new issue](https://github.com/agrc/cemetery/issues/new/choose)

> 1. Choose the `removing_data_or_service` template from the buttons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose the `Deprecate SGID Dataset or Web Application` template from the buttons
```

> 1. Tag the three triagers (one from each team) in the triage section

Reviewer: I think the dev team will handle this differently so we can leave that area blank and we will fill it in. do we want to edit the template to add the data team and casastre team triagers so the submitter doesn't have to know who they are?

Author: Yeah, that was what I was thinking, I just didn't/don't know who they'll be.

1. The triagers will choose which items need to be handled and tag the appropriate people to handle them
   - Items that don't need to be handled should be struck through (wrap the line with `~`'s) instead of being deleted

> 1. The people assigned to different issues will check the boxes as they are completed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The people assigned to different issues will check the boxes as they are completed and comment on the issue to notify the rest of the group.
```
